# CS340-Client-Server-Development

- How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

  I try to write programs that are easy to read, maintain, and adapt by keeping the code as simple as possible by reducing how much code is being written while maintaining functionality. This helps make the code readable. I will admit that I should include a better code comments which can help make the code maintanable and adaptable so that if others need to adjust and fix the code to meet required functionality it is easy to understand. By having minimal code, the program is easier to understand and adapt because anyone can come in and quickly understand what each section of code is doing if changes are necesary. This CRUD module can be used in just about any other program as many databsae modules need CRUD functionality. This module can already function as such and would just need to be adapted to use with different variables and interact with different databases. I already used it to help me with another project (which was written in Java) as I needed to create a database for a program so I referenced this CRUD Python module to correctly structure my Java based program.
  
- How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

  I try to approach problems as a computer scientist by thinking of what the endgoal solution would or could be. Then I do any research necessary and try to build the program from there with that endgoal in mind. This is similar to how I've worked on previous assignments but this development process was a little more structured than what I have done in the past. I would use the techniques and strategies of planning out my modules and testing them while developing in the future as it will save me time in the long run as I will have a clearer plan in my development process.

- What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
  Computer scientists create programs. More often than not, a program is created to solve a problem, which has a wide variety of meanings. I would say that the problem is usually that a process is difficult to do or time consuming, so developers create a program to help make those processes easier for themselves or others, like a company such as Grazioso Salvare in our assignment. This is only one of several things that computer scientists do, but I think it can usually be simplified to we find and create new solutions to existing problems.
